chore(release): v1.3.0 (#188)
imgix/contentful: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.3.0](https://github.com/imgix/contentful/compare/v1.2.3...v1.2.4) (2022-12-01)

> - use grid-image placeholders
> - create gallery placeholder component
> - remove webfolder sources from upload sources
> - display video frame as thumbnail
> - add destination tooltip
> - refresh image gallery on upload
> - add fallback icon on error
> - add svg icons for filetypes
> - add icon component for SVG support
> - disable upload button after click
> - add upload success and error notifications
> - disable button is webfolder source
> - show upload indicator when uploading
> - upload selected image to imgix source
> - add upload handler function
> - store destination path to state
> - create upload modal
> - create placeholder image url from file
> - create upload button
> - create action bar component
> - add filename overlay  to assets
> - populate the SourceDropdown with more sources

Reviewer: Is there a more succinct way to summarize these changes for users? As an example:
```suggestion
- allow users to upload images to any non-webfolder sources
- use thumbnail placeholders from non-renderable assets
- use first frame to display video assets
- populate Source dropdown with more sources
- add filename overlay to asset thumbnails
```
